DATA PROTECTION
----------------
protects data from unauthorized access.
- Amazon Macie: protects data 
              : fully managed data security and data privacy service
              : uses ML and pattern matching to identify sensitive information.
              : automates discovery of sensitive data and protects them.
              : unecypted buckets, publicly accessible buckets identification.
              : finding to clouwatch

- Amazon KMS: manage key storage
AWS Key Management Service(KMS) helps you in creating, managing and controlling keys for your applications
AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) is a managed service that makes it easy for you to create and control the encryption keys used to encrypt your data
You can schedule key deletion. After the waiting period the key will be deleted and it is irreversible.
Once you schedule the key deletion, you can cancel it during the waiting period.


- AWS CloudHSM : manage key storage (hardware based model for compliance)
               : cloud based hardware security module.

- AWS Certificate Manager : manage SSL/TLS certificates 
                          : managed certificate renewal

- AWS Secrets Manager : manage secrets like password and manages rotation
                      : 


AWS KMS
-------
- Fully managed AWS service
- Use cases : to create CMK(Customer managed keys)
            : manage keys by encrypting them
            : Easily create keys and encryption across AWS services.
- Benefits: No upfront investment
          : Security
          : Availability
          : Integrated with RDS/CloudTrail
          : secure infrastructure by KMS
          : Easily create keys and encryption across AWS services.
          : Create, control, rotate and delete keys and it's use in application.
          : integrated with 19 services for server side encryption like s3, efs, dynamo,cloudtrail.
          : maintains keys in HSM(Hardware security module)


- Resources of KMS: a) Customer Master keys: encryption keys
                    b) Data keys: keys generated using CMK

- Creation: a) AWS console
            b) KMS
            C) Region selection
            d) Customer managed keys
            e) Create key
            f) Choose key type - Symmetric : Single encryption key for both encrypt and descrypt operations.
                               - Asymmetric : Public and private key pair to encrypt/decrypt.

            g) Create alias / desciption for this key.
            h) Choose IAM account admin.
            i) Select user
            j) Review and edit policy
            k) Key created
            l) For S3-> you can select this KMS key for encryption: 
            S3 -> Encryption Key Type = SSE-KMS(encryption key created by AWS KMS) -> AWS KMS key -> 
            Choose from KMS MASTER KEYS
             
Customer Master Keys are encryption keys that you create and use for encryption.
These keys will be available for IAM users or roles who have been given usage rights during key creation.
These customer master keys (CMK) are created and managed by the customer, unlike the AWS managed customer master keys where AWS
manages the CMK.
Data Keys are keys generated using CMKs to encrypt huge amount of data.
Additionally, you can also import keys from external source to AWS using Cloud HSM cluster.


            